# MM-STP-002-20260423

| **Presider**     | Shinjiru       |
| ---------------- | -------------- |
| **Date**         | April 23, 2026 |
| **Time Start**   | 09:30 pm       |
| **Time End**     | 01:15 am       |
| **Minute-Taker** | Dhowpamine     |

{% hint style="info" %}
✅ Approved&#x20;

❌ Rejected
{% endhint %}

## Agenda: Season 5&#x20;

Festin suggestions:&#x20;

* Made a list for players to be involved for the lore
* Includes the pvp excepted rules by the kamorte
* U can't leave the list unless you speak whoever is in charge of that, most probably it will be shin.&#x20;
* This intention is basically for the lore, if somebody kills you can't sue, if u grief while in the list it's allowed.

It's agreed that new season will be created, no claims typesh ✅

***

Bubba suggestions:&#x20;

* Similar to festin but it's more situational
* One of the point taken here is that when ppl would wage to war, both parties would not know if they're gonna be engaged in war
* It has to go through admin or let's call it a middle man to considered if the war is gonna happen or not.

Bubba's idea is more specific meanwhile Festin is more general

***

Nicsuro's suggestions:&#x20;

* For peaceful players they're gonna called the non-hostile, while the one that is listed are to be taken to considered as hostile players
* If players wanted to change mode or the type of players they're gonna go, it's gonna have cooldown
* Rewards for killing someone but might be less for the passive side, which shin argued what about the passive side
  * He stated that everything will be just focus on killing since it's high reward than the passive rewards
* Added suggestions is referenced on other server, ppl can apply for the bounty system, whoever kills will merit valor
* For the bounty system, baiunty channel might be added for the complications of the system to be ease
  * Shin then replied that it will be easily exploited by player by setting a bounty for player but the one who will kill is the one who set the bounty, which nicsuro said other suggestions to counteract what shin says. B
    * Basically the one who'll set the bounty will gonna have task
* In the end it's more suggested that the one who put bounty will use his/her/they/them/zir/zem resources so the player won't easily exploit.&#x20;
* As stated earlier they're might be changes on discord that will just present the bounty on who is getting bountied or what rewards they'll be getting.

They linger more on the server bounty system, on how they would make it more fair for the passive side and the hostile side. which they added one more group called the neutral.&#x20;

***

* Setsu in the other hand, says that the bounty system is not good, absolutely no need for incentives and more, which can be added more work for the staff also.

***

Neo suggestions (in tagalog):&#x20;

* To have an arena, and to have monthly event mainly just for pvp arena, the point of this topic is to have incentives for both passive and hostile.&#x20;
* Which contradict to festin idea which neo's suggestions focuses more on the duel, basically one vs one battle.&#x20;
* As for festin idea it's more open for the lore, every conflict or every situation as stated earlier is not gonna be handled by the kamorte.&#x20;
* Neo mentioned a downside that if a hostile player accidentally blow someone's base which in the side of the passive one, which again if a player on the passive side includes then the kamorte is also include on that one

***

For other suggestions or more like opinion at this point by setsu:

* There's really no need for a new system, everything is fine as it is.&#x20;
* Thos who wants to pvp to just joined on different pvp server.&#x20;
* If players got disrupted then just sue them is the point to be taken here.&#x20;
* He also added that it's just making things more complicated.

But with everything that is said or stated,  In the end(Linkin park mentioned), the server was just still a peaceful server. was mainly built for ppl to enjoy and relax

***

For clarity of the claims:

* They will be no claims just to maintain the vanilla side for the server, but it's gonna be protected by the kamonstitution of the server. ✅
* Other reason is to just caught any players that just want to cause problem. ✅
* To ensure that the moderator can bring items, builds etc, shin demonstrate how the plugin called coreprotect can rollback that is destroyed or stolen on a certain area. ✅

***

To summarize, the most adequate suggestions the admin are picking is to go with bubba's suggestions. To have tickets on discord to wage war just to avoid the separation between player (passive and hostile).

Just for fun, if someone can do it the tour npc might change skin to a maid outfit for the love of the game

***

Additionally, putting emphasis on the maps:

* Since shin discovered a bug where they can use the cave mode even if it's disabled. ✅
* Other mods that will be removed is voxy, distant, lunar, feather, maps and etc, other mods to be included sooner ✅

***

To summarize:

* Season 5 will be opened at the start of May probably, keeping the ranks and tpa, but claims will be gone ✅
* The passive and the hostile players are being considered.&#x20;
* Just to avoid inflation, there might be charges on tpa and home just for ppl to consume there balance, login streak rewards might be added also.&#x20;
* So again, Kamote will still be kamote, except that the claims will be removed. ✅
* Most of the things or features of the server will stay the same, might have changes according to the player suggestions. ✅
* The most important thing is that shinjimod will be created. ❌

